Adds changelog for 1.1.0alpha1 (#1353)
readthedocs/sphinx_rtd_theme: docs/changelog.rst

1.1.0alpha1
===========

Dependency Changes
------------------

Many documentation projects depend on ``sphinx-rtd-theme`` without specifying a version of the theme (unpinned) while also depending on unpinned versions of Sphinx. The latest version of ``sphinx-rtd-theme`` ideally always supports the latest version of Sphinx, but this is now guaranteed.

This release adds upper bounds to direct dependencies ``Sphinx``, ``docutils`` and ``Jinja2``, which will safeguard from mixing with possibly incompatible future versions of Sphinx & friends.

* Sphinx versions supported: 1.6 to 5.2.x
* ``Jinja<3.1`` (#1316)
* ``Sphinx<6`` (#1332)

Features
--------

* Nicer styles for <kbd> (#967)

Fixes
-----

* Suffixes in Sphinx version caused build errors (#1345)
* Table cells with multiple paragraphs gets wrong formatting (#289)
* Definition lists rendered wrongly in api docs (#1052)
* Citation not styled properly (#1078)

Minor changes
-------------

* Sphinx 5.2 added to test matrix (#1348)
* Python 3.10 added to test matrix (#1334)
* Supplemental Docker setup for development (#1319)
* Most of setup.py migrated to setup.cfg (#1116)

Incompatible Changes
--------------------

> There are no known incompatible changes in this release, but we should note to users of ``docutils`` 0.18 and 0.19 that they are not yet support until ``sphinx-rtd-theme`` 1.2.0 is released.

Reviewer: Less words for clarity, "next version" in case we decide to do 2.0 release instead.

```suggestion
There are no known incompatible changes in this release. Support for ``docutils`` versions 0.18 and 0.19 are scheduled for our next release.
```
